content/posts/my-first-post.md, before:

---
title: 'My First Blog Post'
date: '2023-10-27 12:10:01'
tags:
  - introduction
  - ssg
  - dotnet
---

Welcome to my new blog! This is my very first post, generated using my custom .NET Static Site Generator.

I've been working on this project to learn more about:

- **Static Site Generation:** The process of building HTML files in advance, which are then served directly to users. This offers great performance and security benefits.
- **Markdown for Content:** Writing content in a simple, readable format that can be easily converted to HTML.
- **.NET Development:** Leveraging the power and flexibility of .NET for various tasks, including text processing, file operations, and templating.
- **Scriban Templating:** An amazing templating engine that allows for dynamic content injection into static HTML layouts.

I'm excited to share my journey and insights here. Stay tuned for more updates!

## 코드 하이라이팅 예제

### 기본 코드 블럭

```csharp
Console.WriteLine("Hello, SSG!");
```

### 줄 번호가 있는 코드 블럭

```csharp
using System;

namespace MyApp
{
    class Program
    {
        static void Main(string[] args)
        {
            Console.WriteLine("Welcome to .NET SSG!");
        }
    }
}
```

### 특정 라인 강조

```javascript
function greet(name) {
  console.log('Hello, ' + name + '!');
}

const message = '하이라이팅된 라인입니다';

function calculate(a, b) {
  // 이 부분도 하이라이트됩니다
  const result = a + b;
  return result;
}

greet('World');
```

### Python 예제

```python
def fibonacci(n):
    if n <= 1:
        return n
    else:
        return fibonacci(n-1) + fibonacci(n-2)

print(fibonacci(10))
```

Commit message:

feat: Hot Reload를 지원하는 serve 명령어 구현
개발 서버와 자동 리로드 기능을 제공하는 serve 명령어를 추가했습니다.

주요 기능:
- Kestrel 기반 개발 서버 (기본 포트: 5000)
- WebSocket 기반 Hot Reload (파일 변경 시 자동 브라우저 새로고침)
- FileSystemWatcher를 통한 실시간 파일 감시
  - content/**/*.md, Components/**/*.razor, config.json 감시
  - 300ms debouncing으로 중복 빌드 방지
  - 임시 파일 필터링 (~RF*.TMP, .tmp, .swp, 숨김 파일)
- Tailwind CSS 자동 리빌드
- Base href 자동 조정 (절대 경로 → 상대 경로)
- 파일 충돌 방지 retry 로직
- Visual Studio 디버깅 프로필 추가

CLI 옵션:
- --port, -p: 서버 포트 번호 (기본값: 5000)
- --output, -o: 출력 디렉토리 경로 (기본값: "output")
- --drafts, -d: Draft 포스트 포함 여부 (기본값: true)
- --no-watch: 파일 변경 감시 비활성화

구현 내용:
- Commands/ServeCommand.cs: CLI 명령어 및 빌드 오케스트레이션
- Services/DevServer.cs: Kestrel 서버 + WebSocket LiveReload
- Services/FileWatcher.cs: 파일 변경 감시 및 debouncing
- Services/BuildService.cs: 안전한 디렉토리 삭제 로직 추가
- Services/HtmlGenerator.cs: 파일 쓰기 retry 로직 추가
- Properties/launchSettings.json: 디버깅 프로필 추가
- DotnetSsg.csproj: ASP.NET Core 프레임워크 참조 추가

Closes #9

content/posts/my-first-post.md, after:

---
title: 'My First Blog Post - Hot Reload Test!'
date: '2023-10-27 12:10:01'
tags:
  - introduction
  - ssg
  - dotnet
---

Welcome to my new blog! This is my very first post, generated using my custom .NET Static Site Generator.

**🔥 Hot Reload is working!** This line was just added to test the live reload feature.

**✨ Testing again!** Let's see if the browser auto-refreshes now!

**🚀 New change at 23:20!** Testing the file watcher and live reload functionality.

I've been working on this project to learn more about:

- **Static Site Generation:** The process of building HTML files in advance, which are then served directly to users. This offers great performance and security benefits.
- **Markdown for Content:** Writing content in a simple, readable format that can be easily converted to HTML.
- **.NET Development:** Leveraging the power and flexibility of .NET for various tasks, including text processing, file operations, and templating.
- **Scriban Templating:** An amazing templating engine that allows for dynamic content injection into static HTML layouts.

I'm excited to share my journey and insights here. Stay tuned for more updates!

## 코드 하이라이팅 예제

### 기본 코드 블럭

```csharp
Console.WriteLine("Hello, SSG!");
```

### 줄 번호가 있는 코드 블럭

```csharp
using System;

namespace MyApp
{
    class Program
    {
        static void Main(string[] args)
        {
            Console.WriteLine("Welcome to .NET SSG!");
        }
    }
}
```

### 특정 라인 강조

```javascript
function greet(name) {
  console.log('Hello, ' + name + '!');
}

const message = '하이라이팅된 라인입니다';

function calculate(a, b) {
  // 이 부분도 하이라이트됩니다
  const result = a + b;
  return result;
}

greet('World');
```

### Python 예제

```python
def fibonacci(n):
    if n <= 1:
        return n
    else:
        return fibonacci(n-1) + fibonacci(n-2)

print(fibonacci(10))
```
